docs: fix linter errors for update-to-latest-version.md (#47838)
angular/angular: aio/content/guide/update-to-latest-version.md

*   **Strictly Typed Reactive Forms**

>     The Reactive Forms types `AbstractControl`, `FormControl`, `FormGroup`, and `FormArray` now support a generic parameter which allows for strict typing of the controls. An automatic migration is going to convert existing usages of these types to special `Untyped` aliases which preserve the existing behavior.

Reviewer: Better to convert it to present tense.
```suggestion
    The Reactive Forms types `AbstractControl`, `FormControl`, `FormGroup`, and `FormArray` now support a generic parameter which allows for strict typing of the controls. An automatic migration converts existing usages of these types to special `Untyped` aliases which preserve the existing behavior.
```

| | Details |
|:--- |:--- |
| [**PR&nbsp;#45729**](https://github.com/angular/angular/pull/45729) | `initialNavigation: 'enabled'` was deprecated in v11 and is replaced by `initialNavigation: 'enabledBlocking'.`. |

> | [**PR&nbsp;#42803**](https://github.com/angular/angular/pull/42803) | Forms `email` input coercion: forms `email` input value is going to be considered as true if it is defined with any value rather than false and 'false'. |

Reviewer: In present tense:
```suggestion
| [**PR&nbsp;#42803**](https://github.com/angular/angular/pull/42803) | Forms `email` input coercion: forms `email` input value is considered `true` if it is defined with any value other than `false` or `'false'`. |
```
